README.md, before:

# EYAL HABIB WELDING CLASSES
----------------------------

This is a website for artists who would like to learn how to weld and are focused on sustainable materials or for welders with experience who would like to improve their skill level.

The website offers visitors with general knowledge about the teacher and the possible workshop times.

The website URL is: https://tamirgen.github.io/Welding-Classes/

![Responsice Mockup](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/moc-up-web-image.png?raw=true)


## Features
-------------
<br>

### Navigation bar:

<li> This section has 4 items. The items are: About me, Sign ups, Testimonials and Contact.</li>
<li> The purpose of this section is help visitors navigate to appropriate part of the website without having to scroll down.</li>
<li> The section also includes the name of the website.</li>

<em> *In the future, this navigation bar will lead to a seperate page for each feature.</em>

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/naviagtion-bar-screenshot.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The header section

<li> This section has an insprirational image of a welder.</li>
<li> The section also has a slogen that sums up the main idea behind the website.</li>
<li> The image is resposive and create an ilusation of movement.</li>

![Header](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/header-screenshot.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The About Me section

<li> The section contain some information about the teacher.</li>
<li>The section also contain timetable of the classes days and hours.</li>

![About Me Section](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/about-me-section.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The Sign Up section
<br>

<li>This section is for potential candidates to leave details so the teacher can contact them back and he already knows the skill level of the student.
<li> The form has a "required" command, so all fields need to be filled out correctly, or the form will be sent.
<li> The send button is responsive to hovering and the background will change color when hovered.</li>

![Sign Up Section](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/sign-up-section.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The Testamonials section

<br>

<li> The section has some comments from satisfied students from all skill level in order for potential student to get some more information</li>

![Testamonials Section](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/testamonials-section.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The footer

<br>

<li> The section contain contact information and links to social media.
<li> This section is improtant as it gives the website visitors an option to explore further about the teacher and his work.

![Footer Section](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/footer-section.png?raw=true)

<br>

## Testing
-------------

<br>

The website is built using media queries that makes it look good on all screen sizes.
I have tested it using Google inspect and all features of the project are working as intended.

<br>

### Validator Testing

<br>

<li> No errors were returned when passing through the official 

[W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Ftamirgen.github.io%2FWelding-Classes%2Findex.html).

<li> No errors were found when passing through the official

[(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Ftamirgen.github.io%2FWelding-Classes%2Fassests%2Fcss%2Fstyle.css&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en).

<li> Lighthouse test shows accessibility score of 97

![Lighthouse](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/lighthouse-screenshot.png?raw=true)


### Unfixed Bugs

No unfixed bugs found

<br>

## Deployment

<br>

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - Scrol down to the GitHub Pages section and click on the link to open the deployment page
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
  - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. 

The live link can be found here -[Eyal Habib welding classes](https://tamirgen.github.io/Welding-Classes/index.html)

## Credits

<br>

## Content

- The code for social media were taken from the CI [Love Running](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/courses/course-v1:CodeInstitute+LR101+2021_T1/courseware/4a07c57382724cfda5834497317f24d5/e6d4cda2bc08458ba94d2092be9bad3a/) project.

- The codes for most of the project were inspired by the the CI [Love Running](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/ci_program/diplomainsoftwaredevelopmentecommerce/) project.

-I recived help from my mentor Nishant Kumar with uploading screenshots and links for the README.md file.

- I have used fonts from [fonts.google.com](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Cedarville+Cursive?query=Cedarville+Cursive)

- In the header part I have used an image from [fontawesome.com](https://fontawesome.com/v5.15/icons/tools?style=solid)

## media

- The iamge used for the header was taken from [pexels.com](https://www.pexels.com/search/welding/)

Commit message:

add wireframe lin to README file

README.md, after:

# EYAL HABIB WELDING CLASSES
----------------------------

This is a website for artists who would like to learn how to weld and are focused on sustainable materials or for welders with experience who would like to improve their skill level.

The website offers visitors with general knowledge about the teacher and the possible workshop times.

The wireframe was created for all types of devices using Balsamiq.cluod.
Link to the project wireframe on [balsamiq.cloud](https://balsamiq.cloud/s9vduav/p8ujmmr)

The website URL is: https://tamirgen.github.io/Welding-Classes/

![Responsice Mockup](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/moc-up-web-image.png?raw=true)


## Features
-------------
<br>

### Navigation bar:

<li> This section has 4 items. The items are: About me, Sign ups, Testimonials and Contact.</li>
<li> The purpose of this section is help visitors navigate to appropriate part of the website without having to scroll down.</li>
<li> The section also includes the name of the website.</li>

<em> *In the future, this navigation bar will lead to a seperate page for each feature.</em>

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/naviagtion-bar-screenshot.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The header section

<li> This section has an insprirational image of a welder.</li>
<li> The section also has a slogen that sums up the main idea behind the website.</li>
<li> The image is resposive and create an ilusation of movement.</li>

![Header](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/header-screenshot.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The About Me section

<li> The section contain some information about the teacher.</li>
<li>The section also contain timetable of the classes days and hours.</li>

![About Me Section](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/about-me-section.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The Sign Up section
<br>

<li>This section is for potential candidates to leave details so the teacher can contact them back and he already knows the skill level of the student.
<li> The form has a "required" command, so all fields need to be filled out correctly, or the form will be sent.
<li> The send button is responsive to hovering and the background will change color when hovered.</li>

![Sign Up Section](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/sign-up-section.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The Testamonials section

<br>

<li> The section has some comments from satisfied students from all skill level in order for potential student to get some more information</li>

![Testamonials Section](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/testamonials-section.png?raw=true)

<br>

### The footer

<br>

<li> The section contain contact information and links to social media.
<li> This section is improtant as it gives the website visitors an option to explore further about the teacher and his work.

![Footer Section](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/footer-section.png?raw=true)

<br>

## Testing
-------------

<br>

The website is built using media queries that makes it look good on all screen sizes.
I have tested it using Google inspect and all features of the project are working as intended.

<br>

### Validator Testing

<br>

<li> No errors were returned when passing through the official 

[W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Ftamirgen.github.io%2FWelding-Classes%2Findex.html).

<li> No errors were found when passing through the official

[(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Ftamirgen.github.io%2FWelding-Classes%2Fassests%2Fcss%2Fstyle.css&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en).

<li> Lighthouse test shows accessibility score of 97

![Lighthouse](https://github.com/tamirgen/Welding-Classes/blob/main/assests/media/lighthouse-screenshot.png?raw=true)


### Unfixed Bugs

No unfixed bugs found

<br>

## Deployment

<br>

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - Scrol down to the GitHub Pages section and click on the link to open the deployment page
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
  - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. 

The live link can be found here -[Eyal Habib welding classes](https://tamirgen.github.io/Welding-Classes/index.html)

## Credits

<br>

## Content

- The code for social media were taken from the CI [Love Running](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/courses/course-v1:CodeInstitute+LR101+2021_T1/courseware/4a07c57382724cfda5834497317f24d5/e6d4cda2bc08458ba94d2092be9bad3a/) project.

- The codes for most of the project were inspired by the the CI [Love Running](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/ci_program/diplomainsoftwaredevelopmentecommerce/) project.

-I recived help from my mentor Nishant Kumar with uploading screenshots and links for the README.md file.

- I have used fonts from [fonts.google.com](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Cedarville+Cursive?query=Cedarville+Cursive)

- In the header part I have used an image from [fontawesome.com](https://fontawesome.com/v5.15/icons/tools?style=solid)

## media

- The iamge used for the header was taken from [pexels.com](https://www.pexels.com/search/welding/)
